memoization/Readme.md, before:

# Fibonacci Calculation in TypeScript

This project demonstrates the calculation of Fibonacci numbers using TypeScript. It includes two implementations: one using recursion and the other using iteration. The goal is to compare their efficiency and highlight the advantages of the iterative approach.

## Requirements

- Node.js (v12 or higher)
- TypeScript (v4 or higher) (Optional)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/A-Cobra/node/tree/develop
```

2. Checkout to the develop branch:

```
git checkout develop
```

3. Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd memoization
```

4. Install the dependencies:

```
npm i
```

5. Compile tsc files to JavaScript:

```
tsc
```

6. Explore the JavaScript files at the dist folder

7. Run the following command to start the application:

```
npm run start
```

## Performance Comparison

The iterative approach for calculating Fibonacci numbers is generally more efficient than the recursive approach.

You can compare the execution times between the two approaches by running the commands mentioned in the Usage section for different values of `n`.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or want to suggest improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [APACHE 2.0 License](../LICENSE).

Commit message:

Version 2 for the readme file

memoization/Readme.md, after:

# Fibonacci Calculation in TypeScript

This project demonstrates the calculation of Fibonacci numbers using TypeScript. It includes two implementations: one using recursion and the other using iteration. The goal is to compare their efficiency and highlight the advantages of the iterative approach.

## Requirements

- Node.js (v12 or higher)
- TypeScript (v4 or higher) (Optional)

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/A-Cobra/node/tree/develop
```

2. Checkout to the develop branch:

```
git checkout develop
```

3. Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd memoization
```

4. Install the dependencies:

```
npm i
```

5. Compile tsc files to JavaScript:

```
tsc
```

6. Explore the JavaScript files at the dist folder

7. Run the following command to start the application:

```
npm run start
```

## Performance Comparison

The iterative approach for calculating Fibonacci numbers is generally more efficient than the recursive approach.

You can compare the execution times between the two approaches by running the commands mentioned in the Usage section for different values of the `iterations` variable in the `app.ts` file.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or want to suggest improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [APACHE 2.0 License](../LICENSE).
